today is Ash Wednesday so you know if
you see somebody with ashes on their
forehead today means either they went to
church or if you're here in Hollywood
put a joint out on their face here mo
are you givin up at anything for Lent we
Jimmy what it smokey wheat wheat yeah
did you say wheat no I say smokey week
oh really yeah well I didn't even know
you did that I do so let's explain so
much it really does you know you're
looking for something to give up for the
next 40 days Pope Francis has an idea
the Pope is encouraging us to stop
insulting each other online he said Lent
is a time to give up useless words
gossip rumors tittle-tattle and speak to
God on a first-name basis I'm with him
on everything but the tittle-tattle that
I will not give up whatever prompted the
Pope to pick this particular subject I
mean maybe he was on Twitter and he saw
the somebody wrote Pope Francis looks
like Kermit the Frog or just learned the
Pope is a virgin what a loser ever
notice how Pope Francis looks like a
holy DJ Khaled please stop mean tweeting
the Pope II send him a direct message if
you must
I hope the Pope didn't watch the debate
last night because the Democrats engaged
in a good deal of tittle-tattle last
night Charleston South Carolina it was a
mess of a debate if you didn't see it
this is what you missed
[Music]
watching the democratic debate right
here on CBS I think Senator Kelly has a
shot I really do everybody is fighting
to get a word in you know for a lot of
these candidates it's desperation time
this was their last shot
they're waving their hands in the air
like they had just don't Medicare and in
a way it helped the moderators keep it
moving a few pre-debate questions before
we start to save time please answer by
raising your hands does everyone
understand great did everyone use the
bathroom does anyone still need to use
the bathroom okay would anyone like to
tell Mayor Bloomberg to screw himself
and who ordered the pastrami the caviar
mayonnaise this salad with a comb in it
and there's a Klobuchar lastly is there
anyone who knows they shouldn't be here
thank you goodbye okay then
[Applause]
Mike Bloomberg had a better showing than
he did at the last debate and somehow
managed to buy two commercials during
the debate Mike Bloomberg has now poured
more than 500 million dollars into his
campaign and even if he doesn't win the
nomination he says he's prepared to
spend hundreds of million dollars to
help beat Trump but Bernie Sanders says
he doesn't want the money when asked by
NBC News team Sanders said taking money
from Bloomberg is a hard no has any no
from Bernie Sanders ever been a soft no
I didn't mean he gives a hard no two
trick-or-treaters we have no sugar
daddies what if Bernie took the money he
took like what if birdie took like 300
million dollars from Mike Bloomberg
hooked up with a stripper dropped out of
the race and moved to the Cayman Islands
wouldn't that be a hell of a plot twist
of all of this Trump would be so jealous
sure this debate was all over the news
nationally but especially in South
Carolina and I want to congratulate
Danielle seat of the WM bf news team in
Myrtle Beach whose coverage of the
debate made her this week's winner of
the award for excellence in reporting
great TVs Danielle seat joins us live
now from the Gilyard Center in
Charleston with what we need to know
ahead of tonight good morning Danielle
well all eyes will certainly be on the
debate according to Donald Trump was
Donald Trump the president watch the
debates on his way home from India he's
flying JetBlue and they have the TV so
this morning he tapped out
two-part review part two said Pocahontas
was mean and undisciplined mostly aiming
a crazy Bernie and Minnie Mike they
don't know how to handle her but I know
she is a chocker
he misspoke Joker and it did it in
quotes which I think means he was
quoting his own misspelling from 2018
when he called Marco Rubio a choker or
maybe he was jocking I don't know and
then and then the Vice pool piled on the
Democrats Mike Pence was in Michigan
last night at Keep America great rally
speaking to a group of farmers for whom
he compared what's going on with the
Democrats right now to a demolition
derby I mean you know I grew up in a
small town County Fair comes to town
right so everybody with the crummiest
cars in town would drive them into the
infield and crash them into each other
until only one was driving so now you've
got all these Democrats with the
crummiest ideas in politics smashing
into each other and eventually they'll
still be one still runner
but I think we all know how this is
going to end there's going to be a
monster truck with a tee on the hood
that's going to drive just what the
country needs right now a monster truck
rolling over top of us
long live president truckasaurus and if
the monster if the monster truck doesn't
get us the coronavirus well this
coronavirus is starting to make people
nervous experts say this could be the
fastest spreading virus from Asia since
Gangnam style which is scary
sorry having an impact locally even the
masked singer is wearing an extra mask
now we do our show right in the heart of
Hollywood and this is a place teeming
with the dirtiest superheroes from all
over the world any neighborhood is gonna
get coronavirus this is we're in prime
Coronas onna right here so health
officials are recommending that you
avoid any kind of physical contact with
other people they say countries like
Japan are less at risk because their
traditional greeting there is a bow and
we for whatever reason are sticking with
the handshaking it's just um I'm done
I'm giving up the handshake for Lent
because it doesn't mean I'm not gonna be
friendly but in fact I came up today
with a virus proof greeting it's called
the patella hello and Guillermo and I
are gonna demonstrate it now for you so
let's say given I have just kind of run
into each other on the street and I say
hello Guillermo
[Applause]
me and if you really like somebody yeah
look um oh there you go and all you hear
at the end of the day is make sure to
wash your pants that's a the president
is doing everything he can to calm this
nation's nerves this morning he tweeted
my fellow Americans while I know this is
an uneasy time trust that your
representatives in Washington are
working around the clock with the
world's best scientists to protect you
and your family from this terrible
disease when we band together we are
strong oh he didn't write that
oh no he wrote this low ratings fake
news MS DNC and CNN are doing everything
possible to make the coronavirus spelled
wrong look as bad as possible including
panicking markets if possible likewise
they're incompetent do-nothing
Democratic comrades are all talk no
action USA in great shape
he's right why is the liberal media only
focusing on the negative side of the
coronavirus it's so biased this is all
part of his if you can't spell it you
can't catch a campaign he's especially
worried about this not just because of
the stock market which is key to his
reelection but also because he just
realized how hard it will be to eat a
bacon cheeseburger through a facemask
so today he held the press conference
you again reassure us that he has this
virus completely under control
he gave a a rambling presentation today
he of course he congratulate himself for
his action so far and he downplayed the
virus he said the flu kills a lot more
people than the coronavirus so I guess
we shouldn't worry I know alligators
have killed more people too but it
doesn't mean we should go jump in the
swamp
he showed that less saying the United
States is ranked number 1 on a list of
countries that are most prepared for
this sort of thing and then the
president announced who he is putting in
charge of fighting this virus is
really very expert at the field and what
I've done is I'm going to be announcing
exactly right now that I'm going to be
putting our vice-president Mike Pence in
charge didn't seem like pence didn't
know that was going to happen
I hope the virus isn't spread by kissing
ass because if it is they've got the
wrong why is Mike Pence in charge what
is his plan to stop the virus abstinence
I think Trump might be trying to kill
him I really do if you liked that video
click to subscribe and we'll be together
until one of us dies